```markdown

```

> **Be who you are** and **say what you feel **, because **those who mind don't mind matter**,and **those who matter don't mind**.---Bernard M.Baruch

**X has the freedom /power/courage/right to do Y**

eg. While we have the freedom to deal with matters, we must have the courage to bear responsibilities for our actions.

While you have the freedom to air your views , I have the right to turn a deaf ear to them.

**get by (on/in/with sth.)**靠什么过活；勉强应付

eg.  Those who get by fantasy will wake up to cruel reality sooner or later.

**make the most of** 最大限度的利用

eg. Opportunity knocks but once ,so we must make the most of it.

**reap the benefits**  受益；得享好处

eg. Keep on reading extensively ,and you will reap the benefits sooner or later.

**feel overwhelmed by**不知所措

eg. Nowadays,many young people feel overwhelmed by the fierce competition in the job market.

**_If_ sb. could _give sb._ else only piece of _advice_ about ....,_if would be this_:Do sth.!**用于表达“某人认定的最为重要的建议”

eg. If could **give you one piece of advice** about how to cope with the college challenges, it would be this : Believe in yourself !

**X not only dose Y ,but (it) also dose Z**

eg. The exploration of unknown fields not broadens your horizons, but it may also turn into your new pursue of career.

**stand a chance of doing sth.**有希望做某事

eg. Animals stand little chance of survival under such extreme weather.

**A wonderful example of X is Y that dose Z.**

eg. A wonderful example of how to exercise one's creativity is the great inventor ;Edison ,who turned 1039 bright ideas into a reality in his life.

A wonderful example of innovation is a great entrepreneur，Bill Gates ,who has shares his achievements with world.

**over time**渐渐地；慢慢地

At first ,she took great delight in surfing online ;but over time ,she felt empty after a fit of thrill every time.

**become/feel uncomfortable with** 对.....感到不自在

eg. We may feel comfortable or uncomfortable with our campus life ,all depending on our states of mind.

**X is the soul/source/root of Y as it dose Z**

eg. College life is the source of treasures as it can enrich one's mind with knowledge ,wisdom and reason.

**take pleasure/delight in doing sth.** 乐于做某事

eg. He takes great pleasure in going sightseeing together with his close friends, bathed in natural beauty.